1340820614
Achievement	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/models/achievement.rb	class Achievement 
AchievementTest	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/test/unit/achievement_test.rb	class AchievementTest 
AchievementsController	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/controllers/achievements_controller.rb	class AchievementsController 
AchievementsControllerTest	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/test/functional/achievements_controller_test.rb	class AchievementsControllerTest 
Application	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
Authentication	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/lib/authentication.rb	module Authentication
BrowsingTest	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
CanvasController	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/controllers/canvas_controller.rb	class CanvasController 
CanvasControllerTest	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/test/functional/canvas_controller_test.rb	class CanvasControllerTest 
ControllerMethods	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/lib/authentication.rb	  module ControllerMethods
CreateAchievements	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/db/migrate/20110927070839_create_achievements.rb	class CreateAchievements 
CreateFacebooks	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/db/migrate/20100805043508_create_facebooks.rb	class CreateFacebooks 
CreateParcels	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/db/migrate/20120625171904_create_parcels.rb	class CreateParcels 
CreateSubscriptions	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/db/migrate/20110623075710_create_subscriptions.rb	class CreateSubscriptions 
CreditsController	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/controllers/credits_controller.rb	class CreditsController 
CreditsControllerTest	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/test/functional/credits_controller_test.rb	class CreditsControllerTest 
DashboardController	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/controllers/dashboard_controller.rb	class DashboardController 
DashboardControllerTest	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/test/functional/dashboard_controller_test.rb	class DashboardControllerTest 
Facebook	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/models/facebook.rb	class Facebook 
FacebookTest	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/test/unit/facebook_test.rb	class FacebookTest 
FacebooksController	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/controllers/facebooks_controller.rb	class FacebooksController 
FacebooksControllerTest	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/test/functional/facebooks_controller_test.rb	class FacebooksControllerTest 
FbGraphSample	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/config/application.rb	module FbGraphSample
HelperMethods	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/lib/authentication.rb	  module HelperMethods
Parcel	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/models/parcel.rb	class Parcel 
ParcelTest	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/test/unit/parcel_test.rb	class ParcelTest 
ParcelsController	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/controllers/parcels_controller.rb	class ParcelsController 
ParcelsControllerTest	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/test/functional/parcels_controller_test.rb	class ParcelsControllerTest 
ParcelsHelper	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/helpers/parcels_helper.rb	module ParcelsHelper
ParcelsHelperTest	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/test/unit/helpers/parcels_helper_test.rb	class ParcelsHelperTest 
Postman	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/mailers/postman.rb	class Postman 
PostmanTest	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/test/functional/postman_test.rb	class PostmanTest 
ProfilesController	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/controllers/profiles_controller.rb	class ProfilesController 
ProfilesControllerTest	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/test/functional/profiles_controller_test.rb	class ProfilesControllerTest 
RoutingTest	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/test/functional/routing_test.rb	class RoutingTest 
Subscription	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/models/subscription.rb	class Subscription 
SubscriptionTest	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/test/unit/subscription_test.rb	class SubscriptionTest 
SubscriptionsController	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/controllers/subscriptions_controller.rb	class SubscriptionsController 
SubscriptionsControllerTest	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/test/functional/subscriptions_controller_test.rb	class SubscriptionsControllerTest 
TestCase	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
TimelineController	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/controllers/timeline_controller.rb	class TimelineController 
TimelineControllerTest	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/test/functional/timeline_controller_test.rb	class TimelineControllerTest 
TopController	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/controllers/top_controller.rb	class TopController 
TopControllerTest	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/test/functional/top_controller_test.rb	class TopControllerTest 
Unauthorized	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/lib/authentication.rb	  class Unauthorized 
app	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/models/facebook.rb	    def app
auth	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/models/facebook.rb	    def auth(redirect_uri = nil)
authenticate	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/lib/authentication.rb	    def authenticate(user)
authenticated?	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/lib/authentication.rb	    def authenticated?
config	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/models/facebook.rb	    def config
create	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/controllers/canvas_controller.rb	  def create
create	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/controllers/credits_controller.rb	  def create
create	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/controllers/achievements_controller.rb	  def create
create	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/controllers/timeline_controller.rb	  def create
create	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/controllers/subscriptions_controller.rb	  def create
create	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/controllers/parcels_controller.rb	  def create
create	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/controllers/facebooks_controller.rb	  def create
current_user	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/lib/authentication.rb	    def current_user
destroy	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/controllers/parcels_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/controllers/facebooks_controller.rb	  def destroy
down	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/db/migrate/20110927070839_create_achievements.rb	  def self.down
down	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/db/migrate/20100805043508_create_facebooks.rb	  def self.down
down	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/db/migrate/20110623075710_create_subscriptions.rb	  def self.down
down	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/db/migrate/20120625171904_create_parcels.rb	  def self.down
edit	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/controllers/parcels_controller.rb	  def edit
fb_graph_exception	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def fb_graph_exception(e)
fb_graph_sample_url	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def fb_graph_sample_url
fb_graph_url	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def fb_graph_url
fb_message	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/mailers/postman.rb	  def fb_message(from, to, message) 
history	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/models/subscription.rb	  def history
history=	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/models/subscription.rb	  def history=(history)
identify	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/models/facebook.rb	    def identify(fb_user)
included	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/lib/authentication.rb	  def self.included(base)
index	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/controllers/achievements_controller.rb	  def index
index	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/controllers/top_controller.rb	  def index
index	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/controllers/subscriptions_controller.rb	  def index
index	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/controllers/parcels_controller.rb	  def index
new	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/controllers/achievements_controller.rb	  def new
new	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/controllers/parcels_controller.rb	  def new
new	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/controllers/facebooks_controller.rb	  def new
oauth2_error	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/controllers/facebooks_controller.rb	  def oauth2_error(e)
profile	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/models/facebook.rb	  def profile
require_authentication	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/lib/authentication.rb	    def require_authentication
setup	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/models/subscription.rb	  def setup
show	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/controllers/canvas_controller.rb	  def show
show	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/controllers/dashboard_controller.rb	  def show
show	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/controllers/profiles_controller.rb	  def show
show	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/controllers/achievements_controller.rb	  def show
show	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/controllers/timeline_controller.rb	  def show
show	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/controllers/subscriptions_controller.rb	  def show
show	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/controllers/parcels_controller.rb	  def show
show	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/controllers/facebooks_controller.rb	  def show
subscribe!	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/models/subscription.rb	  def subscribe!(callback)
test_homepage	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
unauthenticate	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/lib/authentication.rb	    def unauthenticate
up	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/db/migrate/20110927070839_create_achievements.rb	  def self.up
up	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/db/migrate/20100805043508_create_facebooks.rb	  def self.up
up	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/db/migrate/20110623075710_create_subscriptions.rb	  def self.up
up	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/db/migrate/20120625171904_create_parcels.rb	  def self.up
update	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/controllers/subscriptions_controller.rb	  def update
update	/devel/off/ruby/rails/fb_graph_sample/app/controllers/parcels_controller.rb	  def update
